docs(SRV): add jobs documentation MTA-3846 (#2367)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/jobs/how-to/run-a-job.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to run a Serverless Job
  description: This page explains how to run a Serverless Job
content:
  h1: How to run a Serverless Job
  paragraph: This page explains how to run a Serverless Job
  tags: run execute start serverless job scaleway
dates:
  validation: 2023-11-14
  posted: 2021-11-14
categories:
  - serverless
  - jobs
---

This page shows you how to manually run a Serverless Job from the Scaleway console.

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [created a job](/serverless/jobs/how-to/create-job-from-scaleway-registry/)
</Message>

1. Click **Jobs** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The Serverless Jobs page displays.

2. Click the name of the job you want to run. The job **Overview** tab displays.

3. Click the **Run job** button. A new entry appears in the **Job runs** section.

The **Job runs** section contains basic monitoring information for your jobs:

> - A status, that can be `queued`, `ongoing`, `canceled`, or `succeeded`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A status, that can be `queued`, `running`, `canceled`, `succeeded` or `failed`
```

> - A unique identifier (UID)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An unique identifier (UID)
```

Reviewer 2: Weirdly it is actually `A unique identifier`

You would say "a unique identifier", "a uniform", "a unicorn", but "an umbrella" or "an uncle". No idea what the rule is here, perhaps a non-native speaker knows better than me :sweat_smile:
